docs(exploring-data): Add upload excel notes (#17502)
apache/superset: docs/src/pages/docs/Creating Charts and Dashboards/exploring-data.mdx

### Enabling Data Upload Functionality

> You may need to enable the functionality to upload a CSV, Excel file, Columnar file to your database. The following section

Reviewer: nit: I would change the comma to an "or", but I'm mostly indifferent with "Columnar" vs "Parquet" (for now we only support Parquet, but in the future we may add support for other columnar formats).
```suggestion
You may need to enable the functionality to upload a CSV, Excel file or Parquet file to your database. The following section
```

Author: @villebro it has been updated.

You may need to enable the functionality to upload a CSV or Excel file to your database. The following section
explains how to enable this functionality for the examples database.

**Note:** To enable `Upload Excel`, you need to make sure that the `xlrd` dependency is installed,
which you can execute `pip install apache-superset[excel]` to install.

> 

Reviewer: While you're at it, would you mind updating line 26 to state that we also support The Parquet columnar format for data uploads?

Author: @villebro  Of course, it has been updated.
